[Music]
this miniature world has it's very own
miniature squirrel sized monkey a golden
headed lion tamarin he's a dad with a
small but demanding family he's been
tracked using a radio collar so
scientists know one thing for sure
he is devoted despite that today it
seems he's forgotten something his
daughter
[Music]
for a tiny tamil in mother pregnancy and
birth takes a huge toll so the lion's
share of childcare Falls to her partner
a tamarind day is a fast and furious and
often rather destructive hunt for food
these Bobby Lee ads are full of
bite-size morsels
[Music]
they'll stay just long enough for
everyone to get their fill
because tamron's are bite-size too when
it's dangerous to stay in one place too
long time to move everyone follows well
almost everyone
[Music]
this is how a tamarind dad is destined
to spend his days whether the family are
eating
grooming or just playing
[Music]
it's he who shoulders the burden of
responsibilities in truth his daughter
is plenty big enough to keep up with the
family but she'd much rather hitch a
ride from her long-suffering dad
[Music]